README.md, before:

# CIAB Full Mesh VPN Internet Overlay

The ***Cloud In A Box (CIAB)*** project introduces what we describe as the:  
   
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;***CIAB Full Mesh VPN Internet Overlay Architecture***  
  
***Note:*** There are 2 Youtube Video's referenced further down.  The first is a 8-10 min Intro and the second actually covers the Installation Guide
step-by-step as I configure all of this on Two different Clouds  and a local VM.   There are only about 14 steps.

---  
### Definitions  

***Full Mesh** means any node can reach any other node directly without going through some central node.*  
***Virtual Private Network (VPN)** means your entire Internet Overlay is fully encrypted end-to-end.*  
***Overlay** Network overlays are a method of using software virtualization to create additional layers 
of network abstraction (or software-based network overlays) that can be run on top of the physical network, 
often providing new applications or enhanced security benefits.*  
***VXLAN** [here is a diagram of the VXLAN Model](https://github.com/bmullan/CIAB.Full-Mesh.VPN.Wireguard.FRR.BGP.VXLAN.Internet.Overlay.Architecture/issues/1)*

---

## Goals of the CIAB Mesh VPN Internet Overlay Project

The ideal solution to satisfy the goals of this project will include the following
***Key Performance Indicator (KPI)*** success factors:
  
> **1. Security and Secure communications  
> 2. Open Source  
> 3. Supports use of LXD Containers & VMs and LXD related technologies  
> 4. Easy/simple installation, configuration and expansion  
> 5. Multi-node (re Multi LXD Host/Server) capable, intranet or Internet  
> 6. Multi-Cloud and Hybrid Cloud capable**  

---

The CIAB Full Mesh VPN Internet Overlay Architecture is completely implemented using  
Open Source tools and applications:   
 
- **[Ubuntu Linux](https://ubuntu.com/server/docs)**
- **[Wireguard VPN](https://www.wireguard.com/)**
- **[VxWireguard-Generator](https://github.com/m13253/VxWireguard-Generator)**
- **[Free Range Routing - FRR](https://frrouting.org/)**
- **[FRR's BGP and BGP-VRF protocols](http://docs.frrouting.org/en/latest/bgp.html)**  
- **[Virtual eXtended LAN - VXLAN](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1682855/89578990-02194980-d801-11ea-8f39-62c74b625732.png)**   
- **[LXD VMs and Containers](https://linuxcontainers.org/lxd/docs/master/)**  
  
---  
  
For the **Complete Step-by-Step Installation/Configuration Instruction Guide** see:

- **[The CIAB Mesh VPN Install/Config Internet Overlay Installation Guide](https://github.com/bmullan/CIAB.Full-Mesh.VPN.Wireguard.FRR.BGP.VXLAN.Internet.Overlay.Architecture/blob/master/CIAB%20Mesh%20VPN%20Install%20%26%20Config%20Guide.pdf)**

To download the **CIAB Mesh VPN Utility Scripts - used to start/stop/restart/etc - Wireguard, FRR, BGP**: 
> See **STEP 4** in the ***[CIAB Mesh VPN Install and Config Guide](https://github.com/bmullan/CIAB.Full-Mesh.VPN.Wireguard.FRR.BGP.VXLAN.Internet.Overlay.Architecture/blob/master/CIAB%20Mesh%20VPN%20Install%20%26%20Config%20Guide.pdf)***

*Utilizing the CIAB Mesh VPN Internet Overlay you can quickly connect LXD VM's and LXD Containers
running in your Single/Multi-Tenant, Multi-Node/Server, Multi-Cloud or Hybrid/Cloud Datacenters.*

All **data traffic is highly encrypted end-to-end** by Wireguard's VPN.

VxLAN supports Layer2/3 with *Layer 3 preventing flooding your Overlay Network* with **Broadcast, Unknown and Multicast (BUM) traffic**.

---  

On Youtube are two Video's to help you understand and to install & configure the CIAB Full-Mesh VPN Internet Overlay Architecture using
our Installation Guide see:

**Video #1**  

- **[Introduction to CIAB's Full-Mesh VPN Internet Overlay](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XvjMMuIItF4&t=3s)** - approx 10 minutes long  

**Video #2**  

> ***Note:** you can download the Installation Guide PDF (see above) if you want to follow it while watching Video #2*

- **[CIAB Full-Mesh VPN Internet Overlay Installation Guide - Step-by-Step](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HVJlIE2TUpc)**  - approx 1 hr long  

*Video #2 will implement a 3 Node Full-Mesh VPN Internet Overlay using 3 Servers*:

- **1 - a Digital Ocean Cloud server located in the U.S.**  
- **1 - a Hetzner Cloud server located in Germany**  
- **1 - an LXD VM on one of my local servers**  *traffic to/from this VM is limited by my local Wifi which is 200Mbps down and 20Mbps up.*

At the end of Video #2 you will see Ping tests showing connectivity to/from ANY Node to/from ANY other Node's LXD Containers which are
on ***private*** 10.x.x.x networks within each Node.  

The 10.x.x.x network range is **not** Routeable over the Internet thus proving the success of the 
***CIAB Full-Mesh VPN Internet Overlay*** in providing that universal inter-connectivity.

All Servers and LXD VM and LXD containers are running Ubuntu 20.04 LTS.

---

**NOTE:**  There is no practical limit to the number of Nodes/Servers/VMs you can add to the Mesh-VPN except the *Underlay* **Physical
network** that the *Overlay* is built upon.   

Given that a single Node/Server can support possibly hundreds of LXD containers and using this Overlay the Containers on any 1 Server
can interact/access Containers on any other Server anywhere in the Mesh directly and securely... well things can become interesting.

Commit message:

README.md
added mention of Incus the Fork of LXD

README.md, after:

# CIAB Full Mesh VPN Internet Overlay

The ***Cloud In A Box (CIAB)*** project introduces what we describe as the:  
   
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;***CIAB Full Mesh VPN Internet Overlay Architecture***  
  
***Note:*** There are 2 Youtube Video's referenced further down.  The first is a 8-10 min Intro and the second actually covers the Installation Guide
step-by-step as I configure all of this on Two different Clouds  and a local VM.   There are only about 14 steps.

---  
### Definitions  

***Full Mesh** means any node can reach any other node directly without going through some central node.*  
***Virtual Private Network (VPN)** means your entire Internet Overlay is fully encrypted end-to-end.*  
***Overlay** Network overlays are a method of using software virtualization to create additional layers 
of network abstraction (or software-based network overlays) that can be run on top of the physical network, 
often providing new applications or enhanced security benefits.*  
***VXLAN** [here is a diagram of the VXLAN Model](https://github.com/bmullan/CIAB.Full-Mesh.VPN.Wireguard.FRR.BGP.VXLAN.Internet.Overlay.Architecture/issues/1)*

---

## Goals of the CIAB Mesh VPN Internet Overlay Project

The ideal solution to satisfy the goals of this project will include the following
***Key Performance Indicator (KPI)*** success factors:
  
> **1. Security and Secure communications  
> 2. Open Source  
> 3. Supports use of LXD Containers & VMs and LXD related technologies  
> 4. Easy/simple installation, configuration and expansion  
> 5. Multi-node (re Multi LXD Host/Server) capable, intranet or Internet  
> 6. Multi-Cloud and Hybrid Cloud capable**  

NOTE:  A recent Fork of LXD called Incus exists and has many of the original LXD Dev Team.
       There are also many similarities to the CLI syntax of Incus commands (and API to LXD's)
---

The CIAB Full Mesh VPN Internet Overlay Architecture is completely implemented using  
Open Source tools and applications:   
 
- **[Ubuntu Linux](https://ubuntu.com/server/docs)**
- **[Wireguard VPN](https://www.wireguard.com/)**
- **[VxWireguard-Generator](https://github.com/m13253/VxWireguard-Generator)**
- **[Free Range Routing - FRR](https://frrouting.org/)**
- **[FRR's BGP and BGP-VRF protocols](http://docs.frrouting.org/en/latest/bgp.html)**  
- **[Virtual eXtended LAN - VXLAN](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1682855/89578990-02194980-d801-11ea-8f39-62c74b625732.png)**   
- **[LXD VMs and Containers](https://linuxcontainers.org/lxd/docs/master/)**  
  
---  
  
For the **Complete Step-by-Step Installation/Configuration Instruction Guide** see:

- **[The CIAB Mesh VPN Install/Config Internet Overlay Installation Guide](https://github.com/bmullan/CIAB.Full-Mesh.VPN.Wireguard.FRR.BGP.VXLAN.Internet.Overlay.Architecture/blob/master/CIAB%20Mesh%20VPN%20Install%20%26%20Config%20Guide.pdf)**

To download the **CIAB Mesh VPN Utility Scripts - used to start/stop/restart/etc - Wireguard, FRR, BGP**: 
> See **STEP 4** in the ***[CIAB Mesh VPN Install and Config Guide](https://github.com/bmullan/CIAB.Full-Mesh.VPN.Wireguard.FRR.BGP.VXLAN.Internet.Overlay.Architecture/blob/master/CIAB%20Mesh%20VPN%20Install%20%26%20Config%20Guide.pdf)***

*Utilizing the CIAB Mesh VPN Internet Overlay you can quickly connect LXD VM's and LXD Containers
running in your Single/Multi-Tenant, Multi-Node/Server, Multi-Cloud or Hybrid/Cloud Datacenters.*

All **data traffic is highly encrypted end-to-end** by Wireguard's VPN.

VxLAN supports Layer2/3 with *Layer 3 preventing flooding your Overlay Network* with **Broadcast, Unknown and Multicast (BUM) traffic**.

---  

On Youtube are two Video's to help you understand and to install & configure the CIAB Full-Mesh VPN Internet Overlay Architecture using
our Installation Guide see:

**Video #1**  

- **[Introduction to CIAB's Full-Mesh VPN Internet Overlay](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XvjMMuIItF4&t=3s)** - approx 10 minutes long  

**Video #2**  

> ***Note:** you can download the Installation Guide PDF (see above) if you want to follow it while watching Video #2*

- **[CIAB Full-Mesh VPN Internet Overlay Installation Guide - Step-by-Step](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HVJlIE2TUpc)**  - approx 1 hr long  

*Video #2 will implement a 3 Node Full-Mesh VPN Internet Overlay using 3 Servers*:

- **1 - a Digital Ocean Cloud server located in the U.S.**  
- **1 - a Hetzner Cloud server located in Germany**  
- **1 - an LXD VM on one of my local servers**  *traffic to/from this VM is limited by my local Wifi which is 200Mbps down and 20Mbps up.*

At the end of Video #2 you will see Ping tests showing connectivity to/from ANY Node to/from ANY other Node's LXD Containers which are
on ***private*** 10.x.x.x networks within each Node.  

The 10.x.x.x network range is **not** Routeable over the Internet thus proving the success of the 
***CIAB Full-Mesh VPN Internet Overlay*** in providing that universal inter-connectivity.

All Servers and LXD VM and LXD containers are running Ubuntu 20.04 LTS.

---

**NOTE:**  There is no practical limit to the number of Nodes/Servers/VMs you can add to the Mesh-VPN except the *Underlay* **Physical
network** that the *Overlay* is built upon.   

Given that a single Node/Server can support possibly hundreds of LXD containers and using this Overlay the Containers on any 1 Server
can interact/access Containers on any other Server anywhere in the Mesh directly and securely... well things can become interesting.
